 The next word is yellow, "giallo"                                                                                                                    
 almost, tree is "l'albero"                                                                                                                           
 what is the word for box in italian                                                                                                                  
 "verde" is "green", "cane" is "dog" and "e dietro il" is "is behind the". How would you order those words in a sentence?                             
 OK, BUT "bunny" IS  "coniglio" AND "yellow" IS "giallo"                                                                                              
 "Is in front of the" is "e di fronte" in Italian.                                                                                                    
 "e sotto il" is "is under the".  Can you remember the word for "bed"?                                                                                
 Box is 'scatola' in this sentence.                                                                                                                   
 No. rosa is the color of the tree. Try saying the Italian word for tree.                                                                             
 Bag is called borsa. What is the word for pink?                                                                                                      
 yellow :  gialla                                                                                                                                     
 Ok, remember that "is next to the" is "e vicino alla".                                                                                               
 Yes, that is correct. Can you finish the sentence now?                                                                                               
 e dentro la" is how to say "is inside the"                                                                                                           
 You are close. You forgot to translate the word "tree". Do you know what "tree" is in Italian?                                                       
 Correct! Now can you put the sentence together?                                                                                                      
 e accanto al                                                                                                                                         
 Great! you got all the words, but in Italian the descriptive word always comes after the noun. So the color of the dog would come after the word dog.
 "e di fronte al " is the translation for "is in front of the".                                                                                       
 blu                                                                                                                                                  
 Now try to complete the entire phrase in Italian please.                                                                                             
 your answer is incorrect. i'll give you a hint, is behind the is e dietro il                                                                         
 "e dietro la" "is behind the" in Italian.                                                                                                            
 To say something is in front of something else, you would say "e di fronte alla"                                                                     
 You're on the right track! "all'albero viola" is "purple tree"                                                                                       
 Almost, Adjectives (such as color words) follow the noun they modify in Italian. Try switching the words "gialla" and "scatola".                     
 Most of the translation is right, but for the color purple is not pupo.                                                                              
 I will give you a hint, just like in English, the word yellow in Italian has to L's in it. Does that help you remember?                              
 "Coniglio" is "bunny."                                                                                                                               
 The word for blue is blu.                                                                                                                            
 Remember that when an object is masculine, you use il.                                                                                               
 that's great                                                                                                                                         
 The word for blue is very similar to English. Just remove the letter 'e' from the English word.                                                      
 No, remember to state that the cat is on top of the bed. Please try again.                                                                           
 Well done.                                                                                                                                           
 blu                                                                                                                                                  
 Remember the word for "dog" is "cane"                                                                                                                
 Pink is "rosa"                                                                                                                                       
 Not quite, remember that "is behind the" is "e dietro la".                                                                                           
 on top is e in cima                                                                                                                                  
 "Red" is "rossa".  Now try the whole thing!                                                                                                          
 Very close, the bed is red-do you know how to say red in Italian?                                                                                    
 The PINK box.  Now say it in Italian please.                                                                                                         
 E di fronte alla.  Do you remember the word for box?                                                                                                 
 Super close. But it's "tavalo" with a t, not lavalo. Now try it!                                                                                     
 Now try to fill in the blank in Italina once more.                                                                                                   
 Try your best to fill in the rest of the sentence.                                                                                                   
 Purple is "viola"                                                                                                                                    
 Almost.  Do you remember the correct word for rabbit?                                                                                                
 Purple is "viola"                                                                                                                                    
 No, the color comes after the noun                                                                                                                   
 blue tree is "l'albero blu"                                                                                                                          
 Bag is already given to you in the question.                                                                                                         
 Ok, "is in front of the"  is "e di fronte alla"                                                                                                      
 Incorrect. Here's a tip. "il coniglio" does not belong here. Also, remember that the correct word for tree is "l'albero."You're almost there!        
 The phrase you are looking for is "e in cima al".                                                                                                    
 Almost, you need the article before the noun                                                                                                         
 What is in the borsa?                                                                                                                                
 Blue is blu.                                                                                                                                         
 "e sotto il" is "is under the".  Do you know the nouns?                                                                                              
 "e accanto al"                                                                                                                                       
 Adjectives (such as color words) follow the noun they modify in Italian. Now, try to fill in the blank.                                              
 You say "e accanto al".                                                                                                                              
 "tree" is "all'albero"                                                                                                                               
 Ok, "next to" would be "vicino."                                                                                                                     
 Correct                                                                                                                                              
 "Dog" is "cane". How do you say "green"?                                                                                                             
 The word for "tree" is "all'albero". Can you finish the sentence in Italian now?                                                                     
 "Is under" is "e sotto."                                                                                                                             
 Okay, i'll give you a hint. "In front of the" is "e di fronte alla"                                                                                  
 Correct! can you put it together now?                                                                                                                
 "On top of the" is "e in cima al" in Italian.                                                                                                        
 "pink" is "rosa"                                                                                                                                     
 Next to is, " vicino al".                                                                                                                            
 Ok, do you know how to say pink or box?                                                                                                              
 Almost the correct way is, "il gatto e vicino al cane giallo"                                                                                        
 Remember adjectives follow verbs                                                                                                                     
 What is bed in italian?                                                                                                                              
 Very close. You want to say "e sotto il", not "e sotto el".                                                                                          
 Scatola verde                                                                                                                                        
 Remember "is behind" is "e dietro."                                                                                                                  
 Remember, "behind" is "e dietro il" in Italian.                                                                                                      
 That's close. In Italian, the adjectives come after the noun, so it should be "al coniglio rosso".                                                   
 A hint is "blu"                                                                                                                                      
 Ok, "dog" is "cane" and adjectives (such as color words) follow the noun they modify in Italian. Now, please try to fill in the blank.               
 "is next to the" is "e accanto al"                                                                                                                   
 okay but all' ("to the" is prepended to the following word when it begins with a vowel. This is a contraction of al ("to") and l' ("the")            
 It is like you are not even trying what is the word for bag?                                                                                         
 Bed is called letto. How do you say on top of the?                                                                                                   
 That is so close, "scatola", not "scatolo".                                                                                                          
 Okay, now that you have all the words translated, can you put them into a sentence?                                                                  
 What do you think yellow is?                                                                                                                         
 So close, you do not need the "la"                                                                                                                   
 Close, remember that colors follow after the noun they modify, so it would be "la scatola rossa."                                                    
 You just need to change "vincino" to "vicino"                                                                                                        
 Almost. The preposition and adjective is correct, but "bag" is not. Do you know the word for "the bag" in Italian?                                   
 Good. Now the last part is "the blue tree".  Give me the full sentence please                                                                        
 Red in Italian is "rosso", not "rojo". Do you know how to say "is next to the"?                                                                      
 Well done!                                                                                                                                           
 "scatola"                                                                                                                                            
 Correct but tree is all'albero                                                                                                                       
 Can you now say, "The cat is inside of the red box" in Italian?                                                                                      
 Almost correct! You need to add the word for box. What is the word for box?                                                                          
 close, can you check your word order?                                                                                                                
 How do  you say "is behind the"?                                                                                                                     
 Very close just drop the second il before cane viola.                                                                                                
 The word for green is 'verde'.                                                                                                                       
 Correct, good job.                                                                                                                                   